# Guardian
Objective

To make school a safer and happier place, Araneus will be an anonymous outlet for those who are being bullied or have witnessed bullying or any other sort of harassment/abuse within a school environment.

How it Works

Araneus will offer a free, mobile site that allows for anyone to report types of harassment, victim and attacker. Once the first report of one of those three qualifications is entered into Araneus, this information will move on to Guardian and Watcher. Watcher will monitor the number of reports coming in for victim and attacker and adjust risk for the victim and danger for the attacker. Watcher will relay this information to Guardian who will notify those who are registered as Guardians that a specific victim or victims are being harassed. Once this information is sent out, Guardians will keep an eye out for the victims. If risk assessment and/or reports continue to increase in Watcher for the victim, the victim will move up in priority on Guardian along with their attacker (if consistent). If a Guardian sees that a victim is being bullied by a reported attacker, they will put this information into Araneus using a Guardian account. This report will be sent to higher authorities or (if registered) higher class Guardians such as a school official. The Guardian reports will contain information such as; when, where, how long monitoring, how many reports against attacker, how many of those reports were for this specific victim, harassment type, and name and class of attacker. This information will allow for the higher class Guardian/authority to properly analyze and understand exactly what is going on and allow for the attacker to be properly punished. After this, the attacker will be closely monitored by being put on a separate list on Watcher that will report the number of days without incident since time of Guardian report. If the number of days continues without any further incident reports, the attacker will be removed from the specialized Watcher list.  
